You're okay.
I have to go online and watch more news.
Idiot.
Yes, sister.
I'm done, sister.
So, Miss Lee.
Speaking of which, I really want to thank you.
It's not just helping our Qin family make a lot of money.
Help us avoid such a big hole.
You are the great benefactor of our Qin Dynasty.
I'll buy you a drink.
Sister.
Ride me.
Miss Lee, don't be angry.
It's not good to be angry.
I lost a lot of money this time though.
But you can ask me for help.
After all, who makes you look good?
All right, you take your sister home.
It's so beautiful anyway, a great beauty
If there's a problem, it's not good.
Qin Fengming, my Li and your Qin did not die endlessly.
You're waiting.
Immortality